hello it's Ruby and today I am going to
be attempting the 24 hour read-a-thon so
it's currently about 5:20 and I woke up
at 4:30 I've read in bed for a little
bit but I didn't read too much so the
first book that I am reading is history
of wolves and I'm I'd actually really
started and so it's just finishing this
so far so I'm a page 173 so I've only
read 226 pages so far but I'm going to
read some more before breakfast I'm
gonna try and get to page 200 before
eating nervous
[Music]
I'm going to sit outside for a little
bit I think because it's a really lovely
cool morning and it feels it's currently
about 6:40
[Music]
okay so I have just finished history of
moves by Emily Freedoms and this book
has to be one of the best books I've
ever read it reminds me in terms of the
feel the writing of the book it really
reminds me of cat's eye by Margaret
Atwood which is actually my favorite
book of all time
I think it's cutting back Ashley if
you're looking for a good one to curl up
with for this
[Music]
so it's currently 5 to 8 and I just
finished this which is Alcatraz
schoolgirl and then while my life on the
rock by and Thummim which is about a
girl who grew up and Alcatraz because
her stepdad was a quad it was really
interesting I mean it was a very light
read so the next book I'm going to read
is small spaces by Sarah Epstein if you
watched my weekly vlog then you will
know that I met with Naomi who is in
publishing and she gave me this book I'm
gonna read this today I don't know
whether I'll actually finish this one
though it's nearly 400 pages it's 377
pages so I'll try and read this
so it's now quarter past nine and I'm
currently on page 123 off small spaces
and I'm really enjoying it so far I
thought it was a bit slow paced at the
beginning and it did take me a while to
get into it so the first 50 pages I
wasn't entirely sure whether actually
wanted to read this but now I'm really
enjoying it so I just look quite a
milestone
[Music]
okay so I'm now on page 143 and I think
I'm going to read to 175 before having a
break
[Music]
so the next book I'm going to read is
this mod is a very short introduction to
modern Latin American literature which
my friend Natasha got me for my birthday
so this one is nonfiction so it's going
to be heavier but it's not very long
it's only about 120 pages so I'm
expecting this to probably take me an
hour or two to read but first I'm gonna
go and get myself some lunch
so I'm on page 115 and they've got seven
pages left so I'm just going to read the
final chapter and then I can start
another book so it's currently 135 I've
just finished a modern Latin American
literature a very short introduction
I've just picked up this book again but
I decided that I want to read the poem
of Jean Brodie first because if I do
carry on into evening this is going to
be a much better book to read when I'm
really tired so I'm gonna read Jean
Brodie now
[Music]
do you ignore the crops they're just
practical for going in the garden I
really don't like afternoons evenings in
the afternoon so I'm going to run myself
a bath so I have just finished the prime
of Miss Jean Brodie by Muriel Spark and
I've got to say that I wasn't actually a
massive fan of this sorry I read most of
this in the box that's why the bottoms
my hat it's really wet I thought I
really like that it has romantic heroic
comic and tragic unconventional school
mistress McKean brodie has become an
iconic figure in post-war fiction and
yes it's I mean it's it's a good book
I'm not gonna say I'm not gonna say that
it's a bad book because really I can see
the worth of the novel I can see the
importance of the I want to same method
for want of a better term and I enjoyed
that part of it but I didn't actually
enjoy reading it which I'm annoyed about
so maybe I'll come back to this when I'm
a little older maybe I just haven't
appreciated it as much as I might have
done if I were to older nonetheless I've
read it and I can see the worth in it
and I've gained something from it so
it's not as though it was a waste of
time I've got two more books on my list
I'm gonna read Harry Potter and then the
mystery of the jewels
[Music]
I've made some banana Nesquik and put it
in this bottle back up
[Music]
[Laughter]
so I'm on page 59 and I'm really loving
this so far I can't believe it's taken
me this long to get round to reading
this
[Music]
it's currently 10 parsecs and I have
just finished my second book witches for
by Veronica Roth which is part of the
divergent series and it was really good
I pretty much didn't remove the whole
time I was reading it it was very good
again in the Crocs okay so it's just
gone nine o'clock and I've just finished
the jeweled month by Katherine wood fine
which is a sequel from the Sinclair
mysteries I think they're called
and this was really good I really enjoy
the quintessential nature of these books
I've read the club mystery of a clock
parks burro as well and I really enjoyed
it so I do think this one was as good as
the first one but I still read II
enjoyed it okay so that's my seventh
book I don't know what I want to read
next I'm gonna actually see if I think
my sister's got a copy of Paper Towns I
want to read that at some point so I
might go down and see if we've got that
and then I'll read that and if not then
I will read oranges are not the only
fruit but I kind of want to read this
over a longer period of time I think I
want I wouldn't take that one really
slowly because that's what I did with
this sequel which I've already read and
I liked reading it that way so I
probably won't read that today I am in
luck I found Paper Towns and I guess I
found this book which is my sister's
cool 11 which looks really good
so if I've time I might read this one
too
[Music]
it's about half-past nine and I'm just
about to start Paper Towns by John Green
so I still got until 4:00 in the morning
to read I'm not sure if I'm gonna be
able to make it the whole way because I
do not like to have my selectable
disruptive
[Music]
but I'm really I read the fourth my last
couple of years ago when I first came
out and I really didn't like it I did
enjoy the film that I didn't enjoy
reading the book and so I was put off
reading anything else by John Green and
now I realize how silly I was because I
was just sort of pave tones and it's
amazing so now I feel as I've really
shot myself in the foot because I just
didn't give any of his other novels ago
and I should have done I think it was
just that one novel which I just didn't
like I can't even put my finger on what
it was it was it's just not something
that I enjoyed reading maybe I read it
at the wrong time and I'm glad that I
decided to pick it up today because it
wasn't on my original list to read and
[Music]
it's currently 10:40 and I'm on page 64
of Cape Town's
[Music]
okay so it's half 11:00 and I'm on page
116 I'm just as named to Spotify at the
same time so it's midnight and I'm 150
pages and Paper Towns but I am very very
tired and so I'm going for 20 minutes
and just have a power nap and then wake
up and I think I'm just gonna try and
finish this but not beautiful because
I'm so tired
it's one morning
I'm on page 200 maybe times that's
talked about a hundred agents I guess I
am so tired I'm gonna go on it tonight
she won't be Paper Towns I'll finish it
tomorrow
okay so I've actually changed my mind
I am going to finish Paper Towns so it's
currently 10 past 2 and I'm on page 264
Paper Towns so I've only got about 50
pages left and then I finished um I'm
like come on tell you how amazing sleep
sells right now I just I felt like I
really wanted to get to eight books
today because eight my lucky number and
to a friend 7 and a half just seems
annoying
um I'm gonna finish this and bone Andy
so it is 3:00 in the morning but I have
finally finished Paper Towns it just
turned 3 so it's now the next day it's
currently 12:30 and I thought that I
would just go through the books that I
read yesterday just wonderful my
thoughts so these are all of the books
that I managed to read in the 24-hour
book challenge and I'm just gonna go
through in order but it's not intuitive
so so the first book I read is history
of wolves by Emmeline Friedland
and I really enjoyed this book I've
actually written reviews of these on my
Goodreads so if you want to go and take
a look at my thoughts on the books and
you can head of to that I'll leave a
link down below in the description box
but I am going to just say how many
stars I would give it and I would
definitely give this one 5 stars it's
one of the best books I've ever read
so the next book I read is Alcatraz
schoolgirl and then war on my life on
the rock by Anna Thurman and this one
was very short
was an easy read but I did find it
interesting I think I only gave it three
stars but not because I didn't like it
just because it wasn't in comparison to
other books that I've read and loved it
wasn't as good the next book I read was
small spaces by Sarah Epstein which I
loved this is a psychological thriller
and it was so difficult to put down
actually in that video I realized I said
I'm gonna read the next 30 pages and
then have a break and then I just sat
that continuously and read the rest of
the book because it was so good so I
would give this book four stars
I'm very stingy with my five stars you
know that this one's good the next book
I read was modern Latin American
literature a very short introduction and
this was really interesting it talks
through the main leaders of of the
literary movements in Latin America and
it was really interesting they've made a
note of some authors to look into
especially poets actually again I think
I'd give this three stars the next book
I read was the prime of Miss Jean Brodie
by Muriel Spark and I can appreciate how
good this book was so I I knew that this
was a good book as I was reading it but
at the same time I personally just
didn't really enjoy it and I've
explained that in a little more detail
on my Goodreads but for that reason I'm
only gonna give this two stars even
though I know that it's worth more than
two stars it's just I personally didn't
like it but I'm gonna try it in one I
meant the older the next book I read was
full by Veronica Roth which is a prequel
to the divergent series and which has
been on my list of books to read a few
years and I really enjoyed this again
I'm gonna give this 3.5 stars I think
then the mister of the joob month is
next book I read by Katherine wood fine
and again I'm gonna give this one
3.5 stars because I really loved
the I love I like little mystery stories
and this one is a bit young for me
because it is middle grade fiction but I
really loved the mystery of the
clockwork Sparrow which I think I gave
4.5 stars I didn't enjoy this one as
much but I still really loved it and
lastly the last book which I read and
which I finished at 3:00 in the morning
was Paper Towns by John Green but I
started it and I really loved it and so
I think it was just the botanist asked
and I wasn't a massive fan of personally
but that doesn't mean that it doesn't
mean it's not a good book because I know
those people love it I think I'm gonna
get this one 3.5 stars as well I feel
like I'm really stingy with my stars but
three stars is good so that would be a
good book and then 3.5 would be that was
that was really good and four stars
would be that was very very good and
five stars is one of the best books I've
ever read so thank you so much for
joining me on my 24 hour read-a-thon I
hope you enjoyed watching it and
hopefully if you liked the sound of any
of these books then you can have a look
into them yourselves or you could try
doing the read-a-thon yourself it was
really great fun I was very tired I'm
not that I'd know actually but I was
very tired so it's fun but at the same
time there is a struggle to it so thank
you again for watching and have a
productive week